New to Anaconda environment , Not a problem. It is a great start. 

Conda is a package manager for Anaconda prompt. Anaconda propmt and Conda is installed along with anaconda software i.e. they dont need seperate installation.

Anaconda is a distribution of the Python and R programming languages for scientific computing, that aims to simplify package management and deployment.
The distribution includes data-science packages suitable for Windows, Linux, and macOS.

Anaconda prompt is like command prompt through which we can install and manage data science libraries using conda pacakge manager. 

You can install anaconda for your system from the link below:
https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual

AFTER INSTALLING ANACONDA

Below is the link to conda guide for dealing with conda virtual environment.
https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/4.6.0/_downloads/52a95608c49671267e40c689e0bc00ca/conda-cheatsheet.pdf

If you are dealing with data then you might be found of Anaconda software. It is awesome as it provides flexible environment to make your job easy and fast.
Let’s say, you have already multiple versions of python installed and you want to use python 3.7x for our product.
Currently you are using python 3.9x in your project then you will find some difficulties in making virtual environment with python 3.7x, 
somehow you will manage to install but there might be again a problem with some of the dependencies. So, how to deal with this kind of situation?

Once you are familiar with Anaconda Software and conda package manager we will make virtual environment required for our software.
These are the steps you need to follow:

Let’s create a virtual environment having python 3.7x with conda with virtual environment name – infertradeconda. You are always free to give the name of your choice.
 
Step1: Open Anaconda prompt and make your way to desire drive (probably C drive)
Step2: make a sub folder “infertrade” in user’s folder.
Step3: conda create --name infertradeconda python = 3.7
Step4: conda env list
Step5: activate infertradeconda
Step6: python --version
make sure you have python 3.7x.
Step7: curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
Step8: py get-pip.py
Step9: pip install infertrade
Step10: pip install jupyter notebook
Step11: Open jupyter notebook in activated virtual environment by running the command in anaconda prompt – jupyter notebook

**Congratulation’s! You are all set to work with virtual environment having infertrade.

We have added all the steps in example.ipynb notebook as well.

If you are new to jupyter notebook you check the link below:
https://jupyter.org
